Azure Provider: Authenticating using MSI (#2259)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/authenticating_via_msi.html.markdown

---

# Azure Provider: Authenticating using Managed Service Identity

> Terraform supports authenticating to Azure through Managed Service Identity, a Service Principal, or the Azure CLI.

Reviewer: in retrospect I think this'd read clearer with the word "using" - what do you think?

```suggestion
Terraform supports authenticating to Azure using Managed Service Identity, a Service Principal, or the Azure CLI.
```

Author: Agreed and so changed!

> Instead of specifying a Service Principal or Azure CLI credentials, Managed Service Identity can be used to access other Azure Services from within an Azure VM. 

Reviewer: what do you think about making this:

```suggestion
Instead of specifying a Service Principal or Azure CLI credentials, Managed Service Identity can be used to interact with other Azure Services from within a Virtual Machine in Azure. 
```

Author: Much better. So corrected.

## Configuring Managed Service Identity

> Managed Service Identity allows an Azure virtual machine to retrieve a token to access the Azure API without needing to pass in credentials. This is accomplished by creating a service principal in Azure Active Directory that is associated to a virtual machine. The resulting service principal can then be granted permissions to Azure resources.

Reviewer: since SP's can be granted access to API's too - perhaps it's worth calling that out here?

```suggestion
Managed Service Identity allows an Azure virtual machine to retrieve a token to access the Azure API without needing to pass in credentials. This is accomplished by creating a service principal in Azure Active Directory that is associated to a virtual machine. The resulting service principal can then be granted permissions to Azure resources and API's.
```

Author: Corrected.

Author: @tombuildsstuff incorporated your feedback. Ready for your review.
(Adding @metacpp for his info.)
